Given that my project not only allowed users to upload data (images/text) but also served as a search engine, I needed to use multiple SQL tables to organize, insert, and retrieve data. The first table, users, was used to store usernames, user ids, hashed passwords, account types (stylist vs user), and emails. This data was largely collected during the registration process when the user was prompted to enter their account information in the input areas on register.html. I retrieved the data entered on the html forms on app.py and inserted each user's data into the SQL table. The program used data from the users table to ensure corresponding usernames and passwords are entered when a user attempts to login. I also used db.execute statements on the users table throughout the code to retrieve information like emails or account types when necessary. 

The second data table, post, was used to store information about stylist's posts. The post table stored user ids, usernames, image urls, captions, and locations. I used this data table to match user input on search.html with corresponding stylist posts. For example, if a user entered "Boston" as their location in their search query, the code uses a for loop to search through the post table and return any posts where the stylist is located in Boston. This table is also used to display all of a stylist's posts on their profile page. The final data table, reviews, was used to store information about the reviews left for a stylist. The data table stored the user id of the reviewer and the reviewee, the rating given by the reviewer, and the comments left by the reviewer. The program then used a for loop to retrieve all of the reviews left for a given stylist which appear on the stylist's profile page. 

In terms of formatting, I used the Bootstrap framework for some elements like buttons but I mainly used CSS to design the site. Using ids and classes, I used an external CSS sheet for the majority of the webpage's design. If I had more time, I would use a few layout.html pages as templates for the website, since a lot of the pages have repeated elements (e.g. the navbar). I would have also have used a common font and color scheme throughout the website.



