https://youtu.be/jqp_b9B69Pg

cd final-project
flask run

Once the project is run, you will be directed to a login page. If you have an account, you have the option to enter your username and password. If you are a new user, click the button "Don't have an account?" and you will be redirected to the registration page. Once at the registration page, fill in the indicated fields: username, password, confirm password, your email, and account type. Click the submit button to complete the registration process. Consider using a unique username, as multiple accounts cannot have the same username. If any other errors occur during the registration process (e.g. password and confirm password do not match), you will recieve an error message. Next, you will return to the login page where you should enter your new account information. 

If you've logged in as a regular user, you will be directed to the application's home page - a search engine that allows you to input your location, intended style, and hair type. Press the "search" button once you've entered the indicated data. The program will lead you to a page with search results that match one or all of your search terms. The search results include the usernames of stylists that match your search, along with links to images of their work, and captions that correspond to those images. Don't leave any of the fields empty! You also have the option to "review" a stylist or "book" an appointment with them. The "review" button will direct you to a page in which you enter a stylist's username, a rating out of 5, and any additional comments. Once you submit this form, the stylist will be able to see your review on their profile page. The "book" button redirects you to a page with the stylist's contact information. There is also a navbar that you can use to navigate to the various pages of the website. By clicking the "Profile" tab on the navbar, you will be directed to your profile. Since you are a new user, there will be no information on your profile, but you should see your username at the top as well as a section titled "My Reviews" which will populate with the reviews that you have left for stylists once you have submitted at least one. Lastly, you have the option to "Logout" on the navbar. 

The only difference between a regular user's account and a stylist's account is the "Profile" page. As a stylist, you have two sections in your profile - "my posts" and "reviews". The "reviews" section includes ratings and reviews that other users have submitted about your service. The "my post" section will populate with all of your posts once you have at least one. You should notice that only styists have the "New Post" option on their navigation bar (only visible once you are in the "Profile" tab). After navigating to the "New Post" page, you may enter the url for a picture of your work as well as a corresponding caption and location information. Once you've uploaded a new post, your posts will appear in the search results of other user's queries. 